== README

Perhaps we could keep a running status and to-do list here?

* Ruby version - I believe this was originally built on 2.2.0p0

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation - should shift this to postgres ASAP if it's not already there

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite - current tests are in spec/models

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...

TODO:

* Allow date to be undefined for drill model.  Currently drills need a date but I think it would be better to have drills before we know an end date.
* might also add some flag to drill model to indicate if classroom is full or empty for a given quarter.  If classroom is empty then a drill doesn't need to be performed & shouldn't trigger any sort of warning.

* Should be some automated task to create new drills based on current date.  Could have 2 sets of drills created in advance?

* Some functionality to prompt the user to enter start/end dates for each quarter (as the dates become known) and apply those dates to the correct drills.

* still working out user model, can anyone log in? (I think no)  do we need an admin? (I think maybe)  so far I have:
  * users should be able to:
    * get list of all classrooms/drills.
    * create/edit/delete users.
    * trigger sending emails individually or to all users
    * enter upcoming dates for quarter start/end and specify if classes will be full/empty for a given quarter.
    * create/edit/delete classrooms - NOTE: be nice if classrooms have a 'deleted' flag and never actually be deleted by regular user
    * create/edit/delete drill_types, maybe on same page as classrooms, with implicit connection to current classroom

* build an email that lists all drills along with current deadlines for each & link to main page
  * prompt for drills that are missing dates and full/empty info
    * maybe a page that lets you set dates for the current quarter?


* need to add a column on drills page with edit link
x need page for creating new teachers
* need page for creating new classrooms & adding/editing dependent drill types
* remove relationship between teachers & drills?
  * no: (drills point to drill_types which points to classroom which points to teachers, but teachers can change over time & this needs to be a record of who actually did the drill)
  * unless maybe we change the teacher_id column to a teacher_name text field?  would we lose the ability to search on teacher?  does this even matter?
* remove relationship between drills & classroom? (drills points to drill_types which points to classroom)


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.

* features to add for classwork:
  * complete unit tests
  * OAuth - google integration
  * 3rd party email service for notifications
  * integrate with google docs for outputting drills in spreadsheet
